Update ZAP mentions (#3169)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tests/ios/MASVS-NETWORK/MASTG-TEST-0065.md

Intercept the tested app's incoming and outgoing network traffic and make sure that this traffic is encrypted. You can intercept network traffic in any of the following ways:

- Capture all HTTP(S) and Websocket traffic with an interception proxy like @MASTG-TOOL-0079 or @MASTG-TOOL-0077 and make sure all requests are made via HTTPS instead of HTTP.

> - Interception proxies like Burp and ZAP will show web related traffic primarily (ex: HTTP(S), Web Sockets, grpc, etc). You can, however, use a Burp plugin such as [Burp-non-HTTP-Extension](https://github.com/summitt/Burp-Non-HTTP-Extension "Burp-non-HTTP-Extension") or the tool [mitm-relay](https://github.com/jrmdev/mitm_relay "mitm-relay") to decode and visualize communication via XMPP and other protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Interception proxies like Burp and @MASTG-TOOL-0079 will show web related traffic primarily (e.g. HTTP(S), Web Sockets, gRPC, etc.). You can, however, use a Burp plugin such as [Burp-non-HTTP-Extension](https://github.com/summitt/Burp-Non-HTTP-Extension "Burp-non-HTTP-Extension") or the tool [mitm-relay](https://github.com/jrmdev/mitm_relay "mitm-relay") to decode and visualize communication via XMPP and other protocols.
```
